Michael Sharp. He just cleared
customs in Stansted an hour ago.
The building that Sharp just went
into, it's a safety deposit house.
Picked him on their cam heading into
Bank Station, and then vanished.
Well, this isn't good.
The fourth man. Call himself Ray.
He had that... skin disease when skin
bleaches.
Michael Sharp, I'm arresting you on
suspicion of armed robbery.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Listen, look, there's three of us in
this marriage, all right.
You can't just expect me to leave my
wife and come and see you.
We're supposed to be adults.
If you've got something to say
you can say it over the phone.
'Hello? Hello?
Aw, come on, don't go all silent
on me.'
I'm not going silent on you,
I'm just concentrating.
I'm actually looking for sharp clues
in the BMW.
Listen, you sounded silent to me.
Anyway, look, I've gotta go. Arjana's
gonna be wondering where I am.
See you later.
It's the last one, Pike. Any more
and they'll notice.
Who are they gonna tell? Police?
Why so serious?
To become partner I need that.
Or bring in meaningful clients to
show I'm worth my partnership.
I thought this was about making
money, not giving it to them.
It is, eventually, but this is what
they call a buy in.
It's what I called a fucking liberty.
Maybe I'm better off as
a mother to my two crazy kids.
Three now.
But don't worry, I'll sell Bishop
down at the docks.
Great. That's a fiver right there.
I'm serious. Where are we gonna find
that sort of money?
Baby... when have you ever not got
what you wanted?
I've got you.
Yeah.
So... what are you saying?
come on.
Ow, what is that?
Don't make out like
you ain't felt a big one before.
It's a fucking laptop sticking at my
side.
You ready? Jump on.
I need the dashboard cam of the BMW.
It's down in the garage, mate.
The very one that you smashed to
pieces?
The very one that Pike smashed to
pieces, yes.
Denied? I don't like that at all.
Why you gotta drive so mad? Shut up.
What do you think 'access denied'
means?
It means we're no longer on the
case.
Cos our car got smashed? You forgot
your suspect getting killed
in that sentence, Pike. So you're
just gonna lie down and take it?
Fucking Mam to you, and please,
spare me with your cheap jibes.
You had Sharp in your custody and
now he's dead.
Who's that down to?
The mug who T-boned us.
Don't pull that one on me. Who wants
to take responsibility
for their actions here?
Who wants to
admit they lost a
valuable suspect
while in their custody?
Boys, you know I've got a soft spot
for you, but sometimes
you act like a pair of petulant
little shits.
We're off the Sharp case due to
negligence.
Own it if you like. Robbery squad
have taken over
cos it was a robbery
that drew Sharp out.
Now, I'm off to deal with some other
fucking bottom feeders
because that's what we do for
a living.
Man, I'm not trying to be more
paranoid than I usually am
but something's not right.
I can feel it.
It makes no sense. Bruv, we could've
been killed.
So why weren't we? I tell you what,
I saw the arm that came through
the window and killed Sharp. It had
that polka dot, panda
vitiligo shit. Barton was telling
the truth.
Barton was linked to the robbery
as well.
Look, let's just go to the prison,
put it on him. I would but you know
you have to get clearance
from Tanner to see a Category 8
prisoner.
We don't get Tanner on side,
we don't get to see Barton.
Can't lie, when she's angry, there's
something about her
which I quite like. Mm-mm.
No, don't go there.
You're lonely. Mm.
What the fuck did Sharp have to say
that was so important?
Do you know what, this stays low.
No-one else knows, but we don't stop.
When do we ever?
So we've got a name but no face.
Jason Woods runs gangs,
manufacturing and serving spice,
ketamine, methamphetamine and
marijuana.
Woods does his business from a pub
in Silvertown,
but he never does
the drugs, which is
why we don't have
a visual of him,
cos the slippery fucker's never been
arrested.
We're hunting puff dealers? Don't be
boring, you're better than that.
Just doing my job. Hold on, we're
getting dumped off the Sharp case
to look for plants? We organise
crime. Not gardeners.
There's a reason with the Sharp
case. Involves a pair of clowns.
Shut your mouth. Fuck off.
Oi, easy. Tanner, you got a minute,
please?
Always, sir. Mam, this is one of the
NCA's organised crime
command teams. You obviously know
that reprobate.
Very good. Keep up the good work.
Will do. Shall we?
Right, ID Woods and stick a bullet
in his operation.
Priority, find out where they make
these drugs,
and treat it like any other case,
all of you.
How are you getting on?
How am I getting on? This is some
sort of joke.
I don't know - No, I meant you.
Oh.
Yeah, I'm all right. Thank you.
Good.
I thought Nell looked nice today.
It's like she made some extra effort
for something.
Shush your mouth, please, please.
Or maybe someone.
Just leave it. Honestly,
I don't care how she looks.
She can dress how she likes.
All right.
I'm just saying, innit.
She looked good.
Maybe. Dunno. All right.
Bruv, these kids look the same age as
my Annie.
Yeah, man. I mean, just look at
them, bruv.
Let's go down and kick up these
youths and put an end to this.
Yeah, man. Good idea, Officer Bishop.
You saying we should
put an end to
this boring
surveillance operation?
Why are you talking like that, man?
Let's just go down there. The sooner
we end this we can get back
to investigating Sharp. It's a joke,
innit.
There's a time and a place for
voices. How come when I do it,
it's not funny, when you do it,
it's funny.
So let's just walk
down there nicely
and ask them to open
the gate, yeah?
Yeah, something like that. You know
me. I do know you.
Stay there. Stay there!
Shit! Fucking hell!
Oi! It's police, open the door.
Fuck off, you dirty piece - Did
you mum talk you to speak like that?
Open the damn gate. With a fucking
warrant.
Warrant, yeah? All right.
Police, mate. I'm gonna need your
car. What?
No. What do you mean, no? Give me
the keys, bruv.
You don't look like police to me,
mate. Give him the damn keys!
Thank you.
Oi!
Oh, shit! Man, you running over?
Fucking make me run.
Oi! You can't pull guns on a 15 year
old. Can't I?
15 year olds
shouldn't be dealing
drugs. That's a very
bad thing to do.
Let this be a lesson to you.
Through the fucking fence? I'll be
down in a moment.
Oh, sorry, mate.
Yeah, you will be sorry.
Fucking stop! Oi!
Hey, little man, you better fucking
stop or I'll put one
in your fucking leg. Fucker! Prick!
Fucking come here! Telling you now,
you best fucking know.
Don't you fucking try it, man.
Get out of the car.
Get out of the fucking car.
Yeah? You miss me,
you'll hit the kid.
I won't give a fuck. But you might,
you prick.
Fucking wankers!
Shit.
Fuck. Yeah, no backup, as usual.
I think I'm getting too old for
this, man.
The kid just laughed at me and jumped
into a Bentley.
At least we've got one of them. What
did Jason Woods look like?
Like a drug dealer driving
a Bentley.
Jealous of the car? Trust me, I am.
All the more reason to bury him,
right?
And this moves us forward how?
Potential informant, Mum.
He could walk your dog. Don't mention
my bloody dog.
All right, it was a joke.
The brief leaves and the social
worker arrives.
We beat the shit out of him until he
tells us a location
of Jason Woods' drug factory.
Very
simple. Gonna file
that in my report.
Scarlett Nugent.
His social worker. Who'd even
letting you in?
You can file whatever you want in
your report.
He has valuable information that we
need.
Aren't you a charmer.
I've been told that.
I ain't got time for this. I know.
Is that your way to a kid's heart?
Beat the shit out of them?
He didn't exactly get off to the
best start. Methadone baby,
14-day detox. His father was only 12
and his mother rejected him.
He grew up in North Park Care
Home...
..till he set fire to it. I managed
to get him fostered,
a nice couple out in Essex,
the Fairlawns,
and now he keeps running away. They
say they'll always take him back,
because that's the way to a kid's
heart. Love.
Now, mind if I see him?
By all means.
You think she'd give me her number?
I don't know but I like her.
Yeah, me too, bruv.
Was I right, cheese and onion?
Ryan, after you've had your drink...
these men would like to speak to you
about a man called Jason Woods.
I don't know who that is.
That's a load of rubbish.
Look, I've spoken to Mr and Mrs
Fairlawn and they're worried sick.
All they wanna do is give you a good
home. It's best you cooperate
with these men and tell them what
you know about Woods,
and then we can get you bailed.
Ryan, do you want some more crisps?
Is this a joke? If you keep talking
to him like he's five years old
he's gonna keep acting up. Are you
stupid or what?
What are you doing?
Think smart. Don't be obvious,
all right?
Come on, man. You know what you
need to do.
Gingernut, get up, on your feet.
Let's go. Come on, on your feet.
Shut up. You can come too if you
want. You can't just -
He can't call him a Gingernut,
not in this day and age.
Bruv, you drive like an old woman.
Miss you, hound.
All right, Mum?
Do you want any chocolate?
You know what used to be over there?
North Park, innit?
You know how I know that?
Nah.
I was on the second floor. Used to
share a room
with Michael Dooley and Delroy Neil.
The smell of their feet used to drive
me mad.
Dooley hung himself because he
couldn't stop wetting the bed.
It's a shame cos I actually liked
him.
Do you wanna know what happened to
Delroy?
Get in.
Have a seat for a second. Let me chat
to her. Her?
Just give me one minute with him.
Fucking hell, bruv, what's going on?
See that?
That's Delroy right now. He used to
be a gangster and a dealer
before he got hooked on a pipe
himself.
Last thing I heard he was sucking
dick for rocks.
Bet he's pretty good at it after all
his years of practice.
You're not doing that yet, no?
School of hard knocks, kid.
This is real life out here,
real talk.
Bishop should be careful. I know he
doesn't care
but he could end up in front of
a tribunal.
Actually, he does care, Mum,
he just... has a funny way
of showing it.
Oh, my God. What?
You like him.
I'm just saying he cares.
It's the way you said it.
Be careful cos anything you say
in this foot spa could be used as
evidence against you
in a court of law.
He's just a friend, OK.
Tell the truth. Is that why you're
wearing lippy?
I say fuck it. He's back on the
market.
What the fuck is going on here?
Hey, Mum, I need a word.
Yeah?
All right, Marvin? Yes, Mum.
I need you to clear me to see
Barton.
No. Mum, I'm gonna slip in, find out
if there's anything
he forgot to tell us and
then I slip back out.
No further enquiries. I said no.
There's a reason why we were taken
off the Sharp case,
and that's not because we fucked up.
I'm not stupid.
Can you just help me find out why?
Please.
No.
Do you know what, I'm gonna head
down to the prison.
If our relationship means anything
to you, anything at all,
by the time I get down there, my
name will be cleared to see Barton.
If not, I know where we stand.
Matthew and Lorna fostered me when
I was ten years old.
Used to take me to Camber Sands on
holiday.
You should've seen me on the beach.
Like a Malteser in a sea full of
Milky Bars.
So I know how you feel, Junior.
You see me.
Yeah?
Cheers, which one? Just down all the
way to the right. Ta.
You all right? Officer Pike, here
for a seg visit with 01132,
Barton.
Nothing here, pal. I think you need
to check with your boss.
I have an Officer Pike to see 01132,
Barton, segregation.
Just checking.
Yeah, he's clear.
You've seen me play this trick
before.
But now it's different.
These are my girls.
Annie, she's 14. Donna, she's six.
Annie plays piano. She's great, too.
Political as well. Young radical.
You see, Donna, she's a force
of nature.
She's slightly deaf in one ear. Has
a hearing aid from time to time.
I have to watch that.
Kids bully her.
Why am I telling you all this?
They nearly lost their father
the other day.
It's someone you know. Ray.
Vitiligo.
Death stared me in the face,
and I don't wanna see it again,
all right?
Come on, Barton. Help me
and I'll help you.
Just give me any little thing you
can. Any little crumb will do.
I can get you cigarettes.
I can get you books,
phone cards, visits.
Bet you'd like to see your wife.
I can make that happen.
The weapons were used under work.
He hired it out all the time.
Not tools.
Unknown to supplier. OK.
Get me a visit from my wife
and I'll tell you.
Hey, Bish, do you still carry
that gun?
Yep.
Let me see that.
Come on, let me see the fucking gun,
man. Come on, Bish. Please.
Sounded real.
There's no safety.
Hammer stays down first, squeezes a
long one and then the weapon
will discharge. Got it?
You sound like a fed. You wanna
shoot the damn thing or not?
All right, man, sorry.
All right. Listen...
..I never asked you
to grass up Jason
Woods. That's not my style, man.
But just know that when you leave me,
I'm gonna follow you.
To wherever you go, wherever you go
visit next...
just know that I'll know.
Oi, two hands.
Fuck.
Being good takes practice, man.
Give me.
Get in the car.
Mm-hm.
Just wanted to say
you're a fucking
legend. Don't ever
threaten me again.
Thanks anyway. Ever.
And, Pike, no-one else can know.
This was a favour for a friend.
Especially not your father.
OK, don't write it down but remember
this number, OK.
07700 900 880.
Yeah, man, I got that. Locked it?
Yeah, come on, man,
I'll call you, in't it? Got more
chances seeing rocking horse shit
but all right, man. Yeah, but Mum
always said don't drive too fast,
but there's no chance of that.
Come on, see you.
You get the images I just sent you?
Jason Woods. Yeah, it was only one
of this aliases.
Turns out he's not just a drug
dealer,
he's also been inside for attempted
murder.
One of his young dealers. Woods put
150 stitches in his face
for stealing from his drug
warehouse.
Are you still there? Yeah.
Where are you anyway?
I'm sitting outside his drug
warehouse.
I gotta go, babe. I'm seeing the old
man. Got a favour to ask.
OK, darling. Let me know how it
goes, OK. Love you.
It's definitely 7:00pm somewhere in
the world.
Tell me...
I've had a full day,
to say the least.
Some kids selling drugs from the back
garden.
I had to smash a car through the
fence to make an arrest.
Picked up this IC1,
same age as Annie.
I dunno whether I'm getting older or
these hoods are getting younger.
Speaking of Annie, she's got a piano
recital coming up.
She wanted to know if you and
Charlotte would come and watch her.
Really need to get her a new piano.
She keeps on saying
her mates don't practice on
electronic keyboards.
I said it worked for Stevie Wonder.
She said, 'Who?'
I give up.
You want money for Arjana's
partnership.
That's why you came here.
It's just until she brings in some
clients.
We'll pay you back in a couple
of months.
'We?
Amazing how marital dynamics shift
when the breadwinner changes
from he to her.
I do all right.
And I'm proud of you.
But you have opportunity here,
available to you,
that others not so fortunate will
never have.
But, Dad, I came to ask you
for a favour,
not to get a lecture on my career.
And I'm offering a favour.
But only if I do what you want.
My ability to navigate will cease in
a few months when I retire.
You have an opportunity to be
standing in my very shoes,
but you choose to play cops and
robbers, which I respect,
but everyone has the right to grow
old gracefully...
especially those with privilege.
That's what I've got, yeah?
Privilege.
I can't imagine your friend Bishop
having this conversation.
No, he would've fucking walked out by
now. Ah, the language
of the streets. We always revert to
what feels comfortable.
Even if it's not where we feel
comfortable.
Do you know what...
I'm comfortable right where I am,
even if it doesn't suit your image.
Kelly Barton? Who are you? I'm Adam
Cole, a parole liaison officer.
I'm here to arrange a visit with you
and your husband.
Come in. Yeah, come in.
I thought he'd forgotten about us.
My kids have climbing the walls.
He's a good father at the end of the
day, no matter what
he's supposed to have done.
Can I go and see him straight away?
Once you've cleared me?
I need to ask
you a couple of questions first,
about your husband, just for my
reference.
Sure. Anything I can do to help,
Mr Cole.
It's Adam.
Anyway... to your knowledge,
has your husband
ever been associated
with a man called Michael Sharp?
I've never heard him mention
that name.
What about a man called Ray.
Ray who? I don't have a surname.
He has an identifying mark
on his wrist.
Are you familiar with vitiligo?
Yeah, Michael Jackson had it.
I can't help you there.
Sorry.
OK.
I think we're done.
Leave it with me, Kelly.
We will get your visit processed
straight away, OK.
Thank you. No problem.
Mix it, mix it, mix it
Just in time for supper, darling.
Oh, bro, you melt me.
Mm. Thank you, man.
What's going on? How did you get on
with Barton?
Yeah, said he will talk in exchange
for a visit with his wife,
which I'm sorting.
Yeah, you're sorting, are you?
Well, you know me.
All right. How'd you get on with
Jason Woods?
Got an address. How was the kid?
Textbook little brat. Probably never
hear from him again.
What's wrong, man? Why the long face?
It's usually me asking you that.
Yeah, I know, but you know what,
bruv... I've got my swagger back.
I'm glad to see one of us is on
form, bro.
You know what...
..I dunno what I'd do without you,
man.
Hey. Hey. Quick threesome?
I was talking about the wine. Bish,
do you wanna do the honours?
Give me the bottle. Your wife wants
me to pour it.
She don't trust your pouring,
that's why.
I know he's stingy with the pouring.
Thank you. No worries.
You OK? Yeah. Just relax, relax.
Hmm...
Right, you know what...
I'm gonna go to bed.
Yeah. This is mine, yeah.
It's got my wine still.
All right. Goodnight. Oh, hold on.
Just get my cake. All right. Night.
Goodnight.
I detect slightly crumpled shoulders
on my lion.
It's my dad about the buy in.
There's too many strings attached,
babe.
Dad wants my soul.
I dunno why I never realised he was
gonna be like that.
It's all right. I'm a happy woman.
And I'm a happy man.
And... I've got an idea. Oh, yeah?
Who can help.
Bishop. Yo.
Yeah, who's this? It's Ginger.
Yeah, Ginger, what's happening, man?
No, nothing. Just a pocket call.
OK, listen to me...
don't go to Silvertown tomorrow
morning, all right?
Yeah. Yeah, just...
..just stay home for me.
All right, nice one, Bishop.
See you.
OK, cool.
OK, on it.
Why'd she slam the door so rough?
I don't know.
She's been working on her legs.
Just an observation.
Puts me to shame, really.
Straight-right. Munroe? Left hook.
Oh! Ooh!
Yes! Thank you.
Munroe, chains, Kamali, CCTV.
Nell, weapon.
Are you ready? Yep.
Woo-hoo-hoo!
Armed police, get down on the floor!
Don't move!
Down on the floor now! Nobody move.
Keep still!
Munroe. Put the weapon down.
Kam, cover him. Put the weapon down.
Put the weapon down.
Put the weapon down!
Put it down.
Jason Woods, where is he?
Where is he? Where is he?!
Now, one of you best start talking.
Where is he?!
Kam!
Are you OK? Yeah.
Bish, move, bro.
Moving.
Don't move! Stay there, boy.
Don't move. I don't wanna shoot you,
but I will.
Put the gun down.
Put it down. Put it down!
Shit!
Go to sleep, bruv. Go to sleep.
Oh, yeah, you're under arrest.
Boys! Found him! Shut up, bitch,
and walk.
Jason Woods, you're under arrest.
You do not have to say anything,
but it may harm your defence if you
do not mention when questioned
something which you later rely on in
court.
Put those fucking guns down.
Anything you do say
may be giving in evidence.
I'll shoot.
Wow!
Shit. Yeah, man.
That's the thing though, boys.
I weren't scared at all.
Bang, done them, another one
in the bag.
That's what I'm saying.
I mean, what a team, eh?
I mean, us three,
that's world class.
I gotta tell you, yeah...
I think the world of you both.
Shut up, man. It's your boy,
you deal with it.
Sorry, Bish. Bro, these are my
Red Dragons, man.
Just gonna throw up on my shoes,
yeah?
Miss Carmel, can we have a quick
word? I've only just arrived
and I'm yet to speak to the team
that conducted the raid,
but I imagine it's good news.
Thank you. Miss Carmel...
Hello, everyone.
Good afternoon.
Congratulations. Thank you.
You're not winded or anything?
A little bit, but I'll be fine.
I just want a burger.
Sorting that. Yeah. Oh, thank you,
that is so kind.
You did good.
It'd do wonders for my campaign.
Well, you should tell my dad that.
He doesn't seem to get it.
Well, you know your father,
he's a different era.
Keeps a lid on it. That's what you
got godparents for.
Mm... Oh, Jesus.
Oh, God, it takes like piss.
Do you want some?
No, I'm all right.
There is something that I wanted to
ask you about. Yeah?
Say it right now.
Well, basically - Yo, Pike!
Did you see what Munroe done to my
trainers?
It's not even a joke.
What's this? Your first client.
It should help with your
partnership.
You can't. Darling, I am the deputy
mayor of London.
You're not serious? Arjana, you're
family to me.
Did Ronnie...?
I think Munroe's got a thing for me,
you know.
There's nothing wrong
with it, legit.
Cos he threw up
on your trainers?
Yeah, but it's a sign of affection,
innit? Shut up.
Anyone want some of this?
You crack on, Kam.
There you go, guys. My man. Can I
say, Kamali, you're looking
particularly fine tonight.
Are you hitting on her?
Flattery, but I dig chicks.
Dig what? Let me spell it out for
you, I'm a lesbian.
Do I look like one?
What does one look like? Leave while
you still can.
Leave while you still can.
We do love you, Mick.
Bless him.
You wanker.
Tanner told me I'd find you here.
You are an arrogant, flash,
self-seeking, narcissistic prick.
Compliments keep coming.
But I owe you an apology.
That you do, and I thank you.
This is Kamali and Nell, by the way,
our lovely team.
You all right?
Whatever they're drinking,
I'll have two.
Ryan is back with his foster
parents.
He's been under my care since he was
nine, and he's never showed
a mild interest in anything, let
alone actually told me
he liked anything... apart from you.
The little shit even said you were
cool. Am I missing something?
I don't think so.
Shut up, man, you lot.
I owe you one. Not like that, pal.
Not yet, anyway.
Yeah? Gotta work for it. All right.
I think that calls for a toast.
Bishop... you complete wanker.
Yeah, all right.
So, how do you get your rocks off
when you're not kicking in doors?
I can think of a few things I like
to do.
Are you gonna enlighten me or do I
have to drag it out of you?
I like the sound of you dragging it
out of me, if I'm honest.
Honestly, let's do that. I know you
agree with me.
Can we get some burgers, mate?
You all right, baby? Yeah. Are you?
Mm-hm.
Thank you.
Morning. Nice gown.
So how was your night?
What the hell? I've got knickers on.
No! No!
No! Why, good morning.
Good morning.
Bro, I honestly don't remember what
happened. We must've just -
I know what happened.
You can't bring chicks into my yard
like that, bro.
Not with the girls here. She didn't
have any clothes on.
I know, man. I'm sorry.
I know you're getting your swagger
back and all that, but...
don't you think it's time you kinda
thought about, like...
Come on, man, we're family. I like
it here. So do I.
What colour were the pants on her?
Can't be asking me questions
like that about... Black.
Yeah. Get dressed, yeah?
We've gotta go and visit Barton with
his wife.
And how was your night?
Colourful would be a good adjective.
Saying you didn't know he was
a black man, or...?
As in he called me Sophie and fell
asleep. What?!
Are you serious? Wow.
Ooh, I've got ammo now.
Barton's dead.
They're keeping their cards close.
My contacts tell me that he had his
throat cut in the shower.
You lied to me.
You fucking lied to me!
I didn't cause Barton's murder.
You disobeyed a direct order.
If you guys were gonna look for a
Luger, where would you start?
The same one used by your
friend Ray to murder
Dan Brown, Curtis Cox
and Michael Sharp.
Jonesy's back this afternoon.
If you're gonna have a go at me,
let's not do it here.
I wanna buy a piece. I don't know
what you're talking about. Oh!
Family's all that matters. Look
after yours, my friend.
That's him.
Pike! Pike!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org